introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: 'Welcome to the home of your new documentation'
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/images/hero-light.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/images/hero-dark.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## Setting up

The first step to world-class documentation is setting up your editing environments.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Edit Your Docs"
    icon="pen-to-square"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/quickstart"
  >
    Get your docs set up locally for easy development
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Preview Changes"
    icon="image"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/development"
  >
    Preview your changes before you push to make sure they're perfect
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Make it yours

Update your docs to your brand and add valuable content for the best user conversion.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Customize Style"
    icon="palette"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/settings/global"
  >
    Customize your docs to your company's colors and brands
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reference APIs"
    icon="code"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/openapi"
  >
    Automatically generate endpoints from an OpenAPI spec
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Add Components"
    icon="screwdriver-wrench"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/components/accordion"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Inspiration"
    icon="stars"
    href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
  >
    Check out our showcase of our favorite documentation
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

chore: Update Girasol Payments Solutions documentation
The commit updates the Girasol Payments Solutions documentation by changing the description and adding a work in progress note.

introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: 'Girasol Payments Solutions documentation.'
---
{/* 
<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/images/hero-light.svg"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/images/hero-dark.svg"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/> */}

<Note>This is a work in progress documentation, and may be subject to change.</Note>


## Take a look at our documentation

Welcome to Girasol Payments Solutions documentation. Here you will find all the information you need to get started with our APIs and SDKs. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Lotus Docs"
    icon="microchip"
    href="lotus/introduction"
  >
    Get started with our API for payments and transactions
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Frontend documentation"
    icon="browser"
    href="/mobile/introduction"
  >
    Get started at how the frontend is organized
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Customers documentation"
    icon="people-group"
    href="/customers/introduction"
  >
    Get started at how our customers are organized
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

{/* ## Make it yours

Update your docs to your brand and add valuable content for the best user conversion.

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Customize Style"
    icon="palette"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/settings/global"
  >
    Customize your docs to your company's colors and brands
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Reference APIs"
    icon="code"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/openapi"
  >
    Automatically generate endpoints from an OpenAPI spec
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Add Components"
    icon="screwdriver-wrench"
    href="https://mintlify.com/docs/components/accordion"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Get Inspiration"
    icon="stars"
    href="https://mintlify.com/customers"
  >
    Check out our showcase of our favorite documentation
  </Card>
</CardGroup> */}
